# crispy-train

one can consider this repository the property of the Apache License holder and not for free as it is fairly expensive and innovative research and development progress from an unemployed graduate student that is not enrolled in a university and does not want to agree to the contract associated with higher education within the united states given their understanding of the FAFSA breach they have discovered while conducting independent studies and they are in the process of creating a counter-suit against the united states government for this breach, among other offenses related to disproportionate healthcare for mental health issues and recreational drug use. these can be considered private, legal notes and I am to be afforded a team with which to work in order to describe my case and the main factors that should be considered for an amicable settlement as it relates to a minor crime against humanity case (sexualized labor, medical assault with forced consent). we have made it publicly available because we do not have an safety factor on our visibility in this space. as we have noted on our internal disk, this space should be considered a Swiss cyberspace, though those that you most wish to stop stealing will make themselves the most steadfast partner to simply theft something to save their asses from the sinking ship of the united states political machine. suffice to say, if you are a united states government employee you are ordered to identify yourself and at least pay my medical bills and a settlement for illegally spying on a civilian's private notes while running a public office during multiple sexual and medical assaults of the parties involved.

# Carbon Offset Methodologies and Exploration

the following derivations will require you to ballpark your understanding of carbon, toxic waste, and energy offsets. we will attempt to give some frame of reference with real calculations and scaling with real numbers but the main point of these notes are to elucidate the vast differences between the mindsets of the political class and climate science deniers. if one dislikes climate science, perhaps one can consider this a fresh look at the understanding of how to utilize carbon offset methodologies to explain oneself transparently and live a life that openly shares facts based on the Freedom of Information Act and not being afraid to assert legal dominance of someone to assume the role of a legal scholar without even training in a university setting or entering a courtroom to plead a case.

please consider the following assertion:
"cryptocurrency generation and maintence is bad for the environment"
one can dissect this by realizing first of all, it is not Accurate. it is a broad statement that doesn't give any frame of reference to how bad for the environment cryptocurrency generation and maintence actually is. we will argue that with a rational science background, one can make this statement much more fact based and give the reader a frame of reference to allow for them to scale the assertion in their mind and really be able to rationalize the statement along with the speaker.

now when one considers something to reference how negative it's effects are on the environment one must consider additionality. that is to say one must consider if the event one is referencing had never happened, would the world be better or worse. a simpler example than crypto emissions would be to consider the following. if ted bought a gun a year ago and then 3 years later they witnessed a crime and shot and killed the criminal, the additionality of this example could examine whether ted should have bought the gun or not bought the gun. one side could say if ted hadn't bought the gun, the criminal would have lived. but one could also argue, even when ted bought the gun, the criminal was still able to commit the crime, even though ted killed them. and finally if ted had not bought the gun, one could not be sure whether the crime would have been commited at all. the criminal's life would not be assured other than one knowing that if the criminal was shot and killed and ted had not bought the gun, ted would not be responsible for the criminal's death.

now that one can rationalize additionality, consider the following derivation. cryptocurrency generation, processesing and maintence is a computer intensive practice. it takes large sized hardware (on the order of giga, tera, and petabytes) to run continuously and compute complex algorithms that require large amounts of energy to compute and this energy usually comes from a power grid that is fed by fossil fuels. so one could say, if one runs a bitcoin node, they have a carbon footprint that is carbon positive compared to the offsets of digital money to paper money. this assertion is where one needs to reach further than just our present lives to understand the additionality of this statement. one could argue that paper money has been around since arguably 1776 upon the invention of usd when the federal reserve was invented by the founding fathers of the united states. paper money wasn't made the second columbus landed on plymoth but you get the point; usd was introduced about this time. that is a much longer time line than that of cryptocurrency when one fast forwards to the birth of digital currency and decentralization of banking via the blockchain. that began around 2009 when the data sphere began digital ledgers of the transactions the blockchain has honored. that is ~15 years of digital currency and ~250 years of paper money, specifically usd. now just a scaling argument can do a lot for our derivation given the time of usd is 20 times as long. that is to say usd has been around for 250 years while bitcoin has only been around for 15 years. so if you want a figure to scale with, a worst case calculation states that a bitcoin node costs ~$1/day to run. that would be $365/yr and that would be $5475/15yr for one node to operate. another worst case estimate of the cryptocurrency market is that about 50,000 nodes are currently active in the global blockchain. that would give us $275 million/15yrs to run the entire digital revolution of decentralization of banking and conventional capitalism. this is a gross oversimplification and errs on the calculations overstating the cost of the 15 years of crypto generation, processing, and maintence with respect to the energy needed to be produced on a fossil fuel power grid to power these events. "the digital decentralization revolution cost the world about $275 million usd in a additional cost to the global community". now this only really applies to about "%15 of the global population of 8 billion people that exist on Earth" given this is the approximate population that benefits from the decentralization and increased fluidity of capital markets (those of the population that live in a "first world" envrionment). this would mean that it cost $0.23/person that was positively affected by those events and $0.02/person/year. even if the same $1/day overhead loads of the usd market (conventional banking) could be assumed (which is astronomically low compared to what the real load would be but we will show you how easy it is to scale with a doctorate in such science) that would result in a global cost of ~$7.3 trillion of cost to the globe and this figure would be spread out over the %1 of the population of 8 billion that hold %99 of the wealth in the capitalist framework. this would lead to a figure of $912.50/person to run the paper money system of capitalism. over 20 times as many years of focus. which would make this approximation find an envrionmental load of $3.65/person/year. to simplify, this would roughly mean that the aggregation of wealth within the hands of few has caused ~%365 more environmental degredation than the entire history of bitcoin. and this doesn't even account for nuclear waste, toxic waste, and human pain and suffering and the effects those factors play on the global population of organisms that depends on the current environmental conditions to survive. 

now in 1995, I was 10 years old and was able to use a computer. that is ~2 times as long as the crypto market has been around. the crypto market is only a portion of entire computing load of computers that use energy to do many different things. listen to music, watch tv, do taxes, write books. the energy consumed by their use is a balance between the additionality of what would have occured without computers being used for certain aspects of our lives. 

the amount of advanced made in medicine, for example, wouldn't be possible without, for one, the finance of successful business models like crypto, or the computing power of processing of human biometric data that helps doctors, scientists, and data analysts that use that data to make medical advances. 

it isn't as simple as slapping a dollar amount on a load and saying that one aspect of energy consumption is responsible for the amount of environmental change. without the funding the decentralization of banking has accomplished, some advaces would not have been as easily realized and with the same reductions in those same environmental changes. people are able to trade legal tender for resources without commuting to a bank, transferring funds, and finding a merchant to honor a promissory. the reduction in friction to free markets raises the overall offsets of the overall system. 

medical care is able to be procured on the street. goods and services are freely advertised and traded via terminals that hyper simplify those trade agreements therefore reducing environmental degredation from every individuals combined draw on the system as a whole. nobody needs to jet set to travel the 50 states to sell baseball cards anymore. waste is reduced overall by a funneling of information to high priority nodes that focus information into the most factual accounts of the conditions of a derivation of free thought or capital gains. labor is now low impact. labor value used to be how many horsepower a capitalist could derive with a given investment of capital. now entire presidential campaigns depend on the shared energy pooling of information and advertising nodes to send a message of a candidate in a easily readable format that can be considered by multiple parties. basically, slave labor in the past was inhuman. now slave labor provides free porn to a bored and intelligent remote working class and snappy global derivations for the price of a tank of gas and it saves the tank of gas, and therefore the emissions related to it being burned. 

to equate bitcoin processing, maintenance, and generation to "the leading GHG emitter" is a gross oversimplification and it proves you didn't study mathematics, engineering, and mathematics in a peer reviewed scientific progressive environment. if one is critical of that statement and derives their own mathematical, fiscal and environmental factors of magnitude, it is simple to see that bitcoin's effects on the global environment is miniscual compared to that of the our organization's most dangerous terrorist group; the united states government. 

ever since their inception, they have stolen land, stolen resources, destablized the international community via proxy warfare, and aggregated 99% of the global fiscal wealth in the hands of less than 8 million people while 7.2 billion others struggle to share the remaining 1% of global fiscal wealth to live within its "free market economy" which requires fiscal bailouts during economic unrest, international death squads for a terrorist attack of a "bank" on september 11th, and an anti science political machine that carries out militant intimidation war with environmental and progressive change that challenges an anglo-centric, patriarchy society that promotes violence against LGBTQIA+, Females, and people of Non-anglo blood via televised brainwashing and violent law enforcement practices with regards to recreational, non-violent drug use and social issues related to race. 

this organization has been in more active conflicts than any other organization on the planet and they alone sparked the deployment of over 2,200 nuclear detonations that were used first by them to vaporize Hiroshima and Nagasaki. the resultant nuclear tests that followed have done incalcuable damage to the global organism flora and environmental conditions of our Earth due to nuclear fallout and transmission due to detonation. this organization's reasoning for destabalizing the global community via a never ending proxy war? to increase capital, stabalize the dollar based on weapons sales, and "fight a war on drugs" i.e. medicine. in order to soothe the effects of ancient drugs (some discovered as early as the 1800s; over 250 years), they prescribe, you guessed it, drugs; that have been tested for less than 50 years to, you guessed it, increase capital and stabalize the dollar based on drug sales. the united states government is hereby sanctioned by this organization. we will accept the findings of a fairly educated court in as many years as is necessary to settle the cases I have broached in this space. 

I believe I am entitled to a court appointed legal consult as I have never had legal training or the funds necessary to acquire an internationally trained lawyer. I do not have charges to bring against any person or group, specifically. I simply wanted to collect my thoughts in various spaces and study the effects of that information and train of thought being in one space over the other. I simply wish to debate rationally my beliefs about what is being discussed on social media and media outlets throughout my life without being rebuked for my thoughts and abducted by law enforcement and force fed price gouging medications that I can't afford and don't need. I ingest methamphetamine and it is why my condition and my work quality is currently such. I find it helps us focus and parse a large decision matrix that was built in our mind from training and lessons in science and mathematics. I would like to be able to obtain the quality I encounter from the street from a reputable business with a license or if that is not possible, I would like to have the ability to manufacture methamphetamine on my property in order to avoid supporting the illicit drug market and the negative effects it has inherent in its practice. I was drugged under the united state's government supposed adherence to the constitution but I have not been allowed to dictate my own diet without a government doctor insisting that I am not allowed to ingest methamphetamine even though their medications to not cesstate the addiction to this substance. my medicaid membership is being used to front californian drug manufacturers that are not my legal doctor. my father is my true doctor and has been since I was born, regardless of what the north carolina medical board has to say about his license to practice his skill. while being his son I believe I have proven that I know my body and mind better than a doctor that spends less than a day interviewing me to sling medications they are required by government red tape to prescribe. I do not need invega and abilify. I do need methamphetamine to have a quality of life and the correct level of motivation for my work. since the united states government is so interested in my health, will they oblige my needs and finance my methamphetamine bills as well? they have now received the most affordable labor possible, a simp that pays to work while high on meth. if they agree that I am not a danger to myself or anyone else, they have proven my case that meth is an essential food stuffs for me to survive in a cyber and real world economy. there are more drug addicts on the street in a 4 mile radius than are homeowners in my neighborhood that actually live in this area. most of the houses are either vacant or being rented out by proxy landlords that don't even live with their tenants to understand the economic conditions of the area. I am a scientist. if you insist that I am schizophrenic, I will insist that I have 3 people inside my body. Trip Branch. an Italian consultant. and Buddha reincarnate; Saison Xiang. these three people will need three times the resources that an average, single personality person requires. I will need multiple accounts for making business arangements for my conceptual designs that the united states must allow me to deploy given they believe I owe $10,000 for the FAFSA agreement that they will not attest to being forgiven. I will require 3 wives for my 3 personalities. I will need 3 cars. do you understand? you are idiots. don't use doctors to bully drug addicts into supporting the out of touch political class. yes, you will be elected to leader of the country. no nothing will change, especially not because of you. yes we will still write but we will most likely have to sell something someday so don't bet it will all be love letters to the missus and jerking off for strangers that never want to admit they weren't expecting to get caught. as far as I know, this place is the dumbest game ever built so I bet myself I could play my own game and won a bet to myself so I will pay myself from now on. if you need money, have you tried getting a job? reading other people's personal notes is cool and all but you might want to figure out something where you do something other than take from someone else. value comes from doing things without direction. leading. not following. if you are a leader in hacking, that is top follower so I think you misunderstand my techniques. I never enter another organizational boundary therefore you are responsible for all the emissions of my work and regular life and I can retire online to do what I want and focus on IRL subsistence. if you want me to pay you for a service online I want it to do something of value. if you just want to read free writing, you are free to read as long as you don't try to pawn it off as your own work(s). 

update: 
walmart is sanctioned now.
amazon is sanctioned now.



















